README.md, before:

# COVID-19 Data in Colombia web (covid-col)

Web Page Project in Quasar with Vue 3 for COVID-19 Data in Colombia

This project is a web application developed with the Quasar framework and Vue.js 3. The application consumes data from APIs to gather information about COVID-19 in Colombia and the departments of the country, displaying the data on an interactive map.
Features

    API Consumption:

    Fetches COVID-19 data for Colombia.
    Fetches data about the departments of Colombia.

    Interactive Map:

    Displays key COVID-19 indicators on an interactive map.

    Ability to apply filters to customize the view of the data.

    User Authentication:

    Login system with specific roles to manage access to different features.

    Data Organization:

    Restructures the data received from APIs for optimal use within the application.

    Dynamic User Interface:

    Interactive design that allows users to explore the information visually and efficiently.

Technologies Used

    Quasar Framework: For user interface development.
    Vue 3: For the structure and logic of the application.
    Pinia: For state management of the application.
    Vite: As a development tool and bundler.

## Install the dependencies

```bash
yarn
# or
npm install
```

### Start the app in development mode (hot-code reloading, error reporting, etc.)

```bash
quasar dev
```

### Lint the files

```bash
yarn lint
# or
npm run lint
```

### Format the files

```bash
yarn format
# or
npm run format
```

### Build the app for production

```bash
quasar build
```

### Customize the configuration

See [Configuring quasar.config.js](https://v2.quasar.dev/quasar-cli-vite/quasar-config-js).

### List of implemented icons

- [ataque-de-virus](https://www.flaticon.es/icono-gratis/ataque-de-virus_4241561?related_id=4241561)

### list of implemented APIs

- [Coronavirus_Data_In_Colombia](https://www.datos.gov.co)

- [Data_From_The_Departments_Of_Colombia](https://gist.githubusercontent.com)

Commit message:

fix(docs): Added environment variable environment variable for Google Maps API key in .env

README.md, after:

# COVID-19 Data in Colombia web (covid-col)

Web Page Project in Quasar with Vue 3 for COVID-19 Data in Colombia

This project is a web application developed with the Quasar framework and Vue.js 3. The application consumes data from APIs to gather information about COVID-19 in Colombia and the departments of the country, displaying the data on an interactive map.
Features

    API Consumption:

    Fetches COVID-19 data for Colombia.
    Fetches data about the departments of Colombia.

    Interactive Map:

    Displays key COVID-19 indicators on an interactive map.

    Ability to apply filters to customize the view of the data.

    User Authentication:

    Login system with specific roles to manage access to different features.

    Data Organization:

    Restructures the data received from APIs for optimal use within the application.

    Dynamic User Interface:

    Interactive design that allows users to explore the information visually and efficiently.

Technologies Used

    Quasar Framework: For user interface development.
    Vue 3: For the structure and logic of the application.
    Pinia: For state management of the application.
    Vite: As a development tool and bundler.

## Google Maps API Key
This is an environment variable used to securely store your Google Maps API Key.
The variable is defined in the .env file, which is used to configure your project without hardcoding sensitive information.
Place your Google Maps API Key in the following variable to use it for making calls to the Google Maps API.

    VITE_GOOGLE_MAP_API_KEY=your_api_key_here

## Install the dependencies

```bash
yarn
# or
npm install
```

### Start the app in development mode (hot-code reloading, error reporting, etc.)

```bash
quasar dev
```

### Lint the files

```bash
yarn lint
# or
npm run lint
```

### Format the files

```bash
yarn format
# or
npm run format
```

### Build the app for production

```bash
quasar build
```

### Customize the configuration

See [Configuring quasar.config.js](https://v2.quasar.dev/quasar-cli-vite/quasar-config-js).

### List of implemented icons

- [ataque-de-virus](https://www.flaticon.es/icono-gratis/ataque-de-virus_4241561?related_id=4241561)

### list of implemented APIs

- [Coronavirus_Data_In_Colombia](https://www.datos.gov.co)

- [Data_From_The_Departments_Of_Colombia](https://gist.githubusercontent.com)
